[Autogenerated] let us now create First Java e project.
For that,
we're going to use the pop up menu off this Project Explorer
view off the Java E Eclipse Perspective.
New project.
It is open at this one.
We have, ah, one note that looks interesting, which is the Java e note here.
But in fact we're not going to use the project in it.
We are merely going to use the Web Noda there and the dynamic Web project.
If you want to create a web up, this is the type of project you want to select.
Let us speak next.
The name of the project will be first.
Web app will keep the target from time as Apache Tomcat version.
Naina, this is finer.
If you have other runtime declared at the eclipse level,
then they will be made available here from this drop down menu.
The dynamic Web module version is three that wanna, which is fine.
If you want to downgrade this version, you can do so with this drop down menu.
And the default configuration is also fine.
We cannot click finish and the the first Web app project is being created.
Let us open it you can see that this project is a little more
complicated than a plain Java SC project.
We have several Noda.
The first wana is the configuration of the Web application
with all the elements you can create in it.
The second wall no is for the Web services.
On the rest,
servicers deployed er with the service endpoint
interfaces on the web service of themselves.
We have them the Javari source Soza with the SRC folder in
which the Java Code we're going to write with beast order
on the libraries are Noda, Wister, gvk and you patch it on Canvey nine library.
Then if you have JavaScript resource is there will be declared here.
The Bill Noda is to store the compiled fighter off This Web
application on the Web content will hold the HTML pages.
Jsp JSF five imagers, odio, ex cetera.
This is the first way of creating a Web application on what we can do
is check the properties are here of this project.
Select Project facets here and check the facets that
have been selected for this project.
We can see the dining week Web module three.
That's one Java wondered eight and javascript wondered.
Zero on this button. Here we can see that the runtime selected is the Apache Tomcat who v nine.